Add `url` as configurable parameter (#17)
getsentry/sentry-dart-plugin: CHANGELOG.md

> # 1.0.0-alpha.5
> 
> * Feat: Ability to configure url for on-premise server (#17)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Unreleased

* Feat: Ability to configure url for on-premise server (#17)
```

> # 1.0.0-alpha.5
> 
> * Feat: Ability to configure url for on-premise server (#17)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Unreleased

* Feat: Ability to configure url for on-premise server (#17)
```

Reviewer: since we change the versioning during releasing

Author: Right. Done.
